I'm sure I'm not mistaken about the file.
If you don't believe me
Access to office monitoring
Who do you think you are?
Worth the company's big move cylinder pavilion
Monitoring is a waste of resources
But Gu Qingqing
There is no shame in doing wrong
It is shameful that you have made a mistake and still do not repent
If you run errands, you don't understand
Then go to the office
Clean up
What are you still doing?
Diploma No Diploma
Ability but not ability
Don't say you can't mop the floor.
Our design department does not raise idle people
Gu Nuannuan, I am applying as a designer
Not some handyman
If you ask me to do design-related work
I can say nothing.
But but what but
As a subordinate
You should obey all orders of the leader
If you don't want to do it
There are people out there
Do you think the design department has to be you?
Lots of master's students out there
Graduate students can't even get in
What do you compare with others with a high school degree?
I can't even do this chores now
Still picking and choosing
This feels wronged
The company hired you to work
I don't want you to be a big Buddha
If you can't stand the grievance, get out as soon as possible
Grandma still has a lot of money for follow-up rehabilitation
Yan's Group is the company with the highest salaries in the industry
Don't let this opportunity pass you by.
The employer cares. I just had a bad attitude.
Don't worry.
I promise to mop the floor clean
Is that right?
As a subordinate, you should have the attitude of a subordinate
Clean it up
If there is a hair under the ground
Don't want this month's salary.